hey guys can stop the cow from hey
gorgeous calm and today I'm going to
show you how I seem like washing goods
so you've been farming for a while you
might know likes you have a video or any
of my washing goes but believe it or not
my regimen has completely changed this
is because the product is stopped
working for my hair and had to try
completely new products so this is
actually pretty common for natural hair
last times I can't get estate used to
the products adjust to it after like a
year or two it just might not work
anymore which is annoying but you just
have to adjust with it so I was using
the kinky curly which is great but then
just eventually just got to finding my
curls and my hair was getting frizzy
maintaining watching girls so I try
something completely Natal and it works
really good
I love how makes my hair look so I hope
I work for you and it's the curly rescue
just stay with that and you want to try
something new and maybe you'll like
these products so there are only three
products that use my wash and gos I like
to keep it simple the first one I use is
Shea moistures curl enhancing smoothie
that's this right here from Target or
Walgreens for about ten or twelve
dollars depending where you go in the
sales and it's really good for your hair
is healthy all-natural has shea butter
and coconut oil on another great
ingredients so I definitely recommend
this and makes my hair really soft and
then on my styling cream it's curl
junkie patty mission I guess that's how
you pronounce it especially not pusher
and I get this from a drop-off for about
$20 which is a little pricey for me but
it does define my curls really well and
so I won't try anything else because
once you buy some that works you stick
with it it's also a big bottle - so it
lasts a long time
third products I used is a hobo oil I
got this one
from anywhere and if I didn't shop maybe
even shopper at Target and I used this
to seal my ends so I apply that after I
put the other cheek products to make my
ends moisturize and two helpings of
slitting so let's get started after
cleansing or co-washing I need my hair
soaking wet before I apply any product
then I separate my hair into four
sections and then I separated it into
even smaller instructions of the product
gets dispersed evenly then I take a
little bit of Shea Moisture a little bit
goes a long way and I start applying it
to the section of my hair
I figure we get through striving from
the ends and make sure I get the product
dispersed on the entire section of hair
now I take a little bit of pad and push
in and apply that on my hair the same
way as you can see I am fingering it
through to make sure that I get the
product dispersed on all my curls that
is really important and lastly I take
the oil and apply it to my ends to seal
them if my hair dries up a little bit I
spray a little bit of water because like
I said water is really important and
then I repeat the process again
I give extra time and attention to the
front of my hair because obviously that
is the most visible
after going through every section I put
a little bit of pad and pusher on my
hand I just put some over my entire head
then I take an old t-shirt and just kind
of scrunch my hair with it to get rid of
the excess water and this helps without
my hair dries quicker and I use a
t-shirt over a towel because a t-shirt
doesn't cause frizz whereas a towel does
then I let it air dry which takes me
about four hours but everyone's hair is
different here are the results I just
play with it a little bit shake it up
get it to the shape I want and then
that's it I hope you guys enjoyed this
I'll see you guys soon in my next video